# Geospatial-Analytics

Our project is in collaboration with an International Food Chain (IFC) that has more than 16,000 outlets in over 100 countries and with a staff team of around 300,000 members. For this project, we narrowed our scope to their Taiwan outlets, in specific 11 outlets in the region of Taoyuan. Currently, the IFC does not rely on any Geospatial Information System (GIS) tool to analyze the status of its outlets. This project aimed to utilize data provided by the IFC and through using QGIS, an open-source GIS tool, explore three main aspects: buffering, sales revenue and network analysis. The findings were then analyzed, followed by our group’s vision of potential future workthat can be continued.

The IFC currently relies on a tedious method of manually delineating the trade areas of their outlets. This approach is not only inefficient but limits the amount of analysis that can be done. Through utilizing QGIS, we hope to not only explore if there is merit in using a GIS tool to digitize their current processes, but also analyze the correlation between certain Points Of Interest (POI) and sales revenue. Thus, this project focused on these three main aspects: buffering, sales revenue and network analysis.

Buffer and network analysis explore the option of automatically generating the trade area of each outlet using tools available in QGIS. We want to uncover the benefits and drawbacks of using these methods over their current practice of manually delineating trade areas, and if so, if the benefits outweigh the drawbacks.

Sales revenue analysis is another area we wanted to explore. In particular, we wanted to discover the relationship between various POI and sales revenue. With the help of Prof. Kam Tin Seong, we identified 32 POI that are likely to have a correlation with the sales revenue of an outlet. We examined the correlation between the presence of these POI within an outlet’s trade area and its sales revenue using SAS Enterprise Guide (SAS EG), a data analytics software. Additionally, the outlets provided by the IFC solely caters to delivery orders, and do not offer dine-in services.
